OK, perfect and I'm going to
share my screen.
OK, can you see my screen? Yes.
OK, so this is like a this is a
short story like what we were
doing last time. So describe
what is happening and what you
see on each page and then let me
know when you'd like me to flip
the page.
#START_journey So in this I see
a.
A city scene and.
On the street is a a lamppost
with a couple boys 3 looks like.
2 2 boys and a girl in the
bottom left and one has a a
bicycle and two of the boys are
giving each other high five and
the girl is passing them on a
skateboard. They're standing
between the lampposts and a
mailbox. To the right of the
mailbox is a little boy in the
striped shirt with a pencil in
his hand, and he's looking at.
A 3 story apartment building
across the street from him.
To his right is a traffic light
and a fire hydrant. On the next
page there was a little girl who
is in a.
On this stoop leading up to an
apartment and she's got a little
scooter in front of her and
she's sitting there with her
head resting on her arms.
Umm.
You know, on her arms on her
knees and then in the apartment,
the first one I see just looks
like a.
An entryway or a parlor of some
kind
There are some paintings or
pictures hanging on the wall.
There is a little.
Table and a lamp looks like a
lamp. On top of it and to the
right is a looks like a vase.
There's a doorway in the in the
wall.
That shows a set of steps
leading upstairs. To the right
of that is a kitchen where there
is a lady who is cooking at a
stove and.
There are some.
There's a cooking range hood
over the stove.
There are some utensils and
things on the shelf, and there's
a pot next to her on the on a
counter on the 2nd floor is a
man sitting at what looks like
to be a library or his office.
He's on his computer and there's
a looks like floor to ceiling
bookshelf filled with.
Uh.
Books and a smaller bookshelf to
the right.
Child who is sitting laying on,
reclining on a.
Sofa
And I'm looking at something.
There's a little table behind
him.
And there's a painting on the
wall above his head. OK.
OK, here there are three.
Pictures on the left hand side.
Ohh, the first is the mother is
cooking at the stove, she's
stirring the pot and.
With her left hand. With her
right hand, she's holding the
lid.
And.
And she's on the telephone.
And the.
A little girl dressed in a white
top and red shorts is standing
behind her and she's looking at
the counter.
Uh, the next is the father is at
his desk, looking at the.
Computer screen leaning forward.
The little girl comes up behind
him.
And she has a she's dragging a
kite and she's looking over.
It's trying to look over her
shoulder.
And then in the third scene,
there's a.
Umm.
Looks like a taller girl.
There's another. The same girl
who was reclining on the sofa is
there. And this.
Sitting up.
The door to her bedroom, it's
open.
On the wall as a world map.
And behind her is A to the right
of the room is a a window
looking out into the city and a
night stand with a lamp on it.
And looks like there's a dog in
the lower right hand corner. OK.
It's a cat and in this picture
of the same scene and the cat is
barking out the door and little
girl turns around like she's
looking for something between
the mattress and the headboard.
In the next page, the little
girl is sitting on the floor and
there are three pieces of paper.
On the floor and in the next
picture she is drawing around a
doorway. It looks like on the
wall and then it becomes a
doorway and she.
It looks like she's entered into
it and the three pieces of paper
are, oh, she's running through
it. I see now she's running
through it and the when she
runs, she kicks up some women.
So the papers are a little.
disheveled now
OK.
Alright. And this she opens the
door and the door from her room.
Comes through a large, probably
maybe a Redwood or large tree,
and the scene is she's in the
forest and the forest is strung
with lights and has.
Land lanterns hanging down.
There are about 1/2 a dozen
lanterns hanging down, and then
there's a path in the distance
that goes across both pages.
Page on.
Of the lanterns and the lights
and and trees and the pathway.
OK.
In this scene on the left, she
is oh must be a stream.
She is on a dock that leads from
the land and into the middle of
the stream, and there's
something floating in the
stream. I really can't.
Or light strung lanterns hanging
and you see ferns and leaves and
other other plants besides the
trees. In this next page she is
crouched down.
With uh with her pencil and
she's drawing on the water and
she has drawn.
A little boat and her.
Looks like her cat has come up
behind her, so she gets into the
boat and it starts to move away
from the dock.
OK.
So in this scene on the left we
see that there is a river and
the distance there is a windmill
like you see in Holland. There
is the stream is leading her to
a across like a a bridge into a.
A castle of of some sorts it
has.
Towers on a it has.
Golden domes on it.
It has um
There there are many massive
buildings on this. To the right
of the picture is a another
bridge, a higher bridge and we
can see a boat that looks like
a.
A Chinese.
Sailing boat.
OK.
Seeing she's still in her boat.
And.
She is.
Somehow another set of locks or
dams because her her boat is is
on a higher.
Part of the stream.
And there is a looks like a
guard.
Um, who
Is holding up his right hand.
And showing like he wants her to
stop.
Behind her is a.
And say it looks like a bell
tower or tower, and there's
someone who's looking at her
from behind.
And then in front of her the the
stream.
Intersects
Perpendicular with another
stream.
And so.
On the other side of that are
two other guards holding.
Or holding their hands, arms.
Maybe they're either waving.
And behind those two.
Is that that?
Top of a.
Golden Dome. And there's someone
in in that Archway who's looking
out to see what's going on.
On the next page we see.
And.
Another smaller golden Dome the
stream runs.
Across the page underneath that
is another stream that looks
like there is a someone.
In a.
Maybe a condola or something
like that?
And then behind behind him there
was a a waterfall and I see that
this this stream is aqueduct.
There's another tower to the
right hand side with little flag
on it.
And that's it.
OK, this shows the aqueducts.
Above the aqueduct is the tower,
and there's someone looks like
there's someone leaning out of
the the tower, looking, and the
little girl has.
Taking her boat to the edge of
the aqueduct, it looks like
she's about ready to go over the
waterfall, and there are two
other levels of the aqueduct
beneath her. There are towers
and golden domes in the
background.
Is.
Uh.
Draw drawing something.
And she's drawing a large
circle.
So we'll see what that is, OK.
Oh, and this one she has drawn a
hot air balloon so it it carries
her away and she is waving at
the person, or looks like two
people who are leading out of
the tower. Top of the tower has
a a weather vane, a wind vane
with a little looks like a
Viking ship on it.
Balloon and her basket are red.
Alright. And the next one we
see.
Uh.
This bird's flying into some
clouds and either.
And then going into the clouds
we see.
It looks like a small.
Football size type of.
Balloons carrying a larger
basket with maybe.
Four or five looks like four or
five people in it, and in front
of that is another kind of
contraption.
It's got a couple of.
Smokestacks on it with the smoke
billowing out.
And that's it.
OK, here we see the little girl
is sort of above the clouds and.
And there are clouds beneath
her, and the sky.
Is bluer and up in the to her
right. Above her to the right is
the same football shaped
balloon.
And with the some people on it
in the next picture and we see
that.
And that.
Balloon.
Right over the clouds and we see
that other contraption with the
paddle wheels on it. And then.
Flying below the the smaller one
is this bird and there is some
leaning out of the.
Smaller balloon basket to try to
catch the bird with a with a
butterfly net.
OK, OK, so we got a A 2 page
spread of this machine. From the
left we see that she has. It
looks like she's a little girl
is landing her balloon onto this
craft at the far left end and in
the to her right is sort of like
a.
a a bridge that leads over to an
elevated platform.
Where there are some people
standing and there's another
bridge leading to the right of
of them, to the smokestacks, and
we see.
Umm.
The panel wheel, we see the two
smokestacks and we see to the
right of that.
A standard like a gold eagle
with its wings spread.
And then?
To the right of that we see like
a flag sticking out of the nose
of the ship.
In the background we see two
smaller airships flying and in
front and behind this.
This vessel.
OK.
Alright, so now we see that the
girl has departed her balloon.
She's walking on this.
Bridge.
Alright.
Of one of the it looks like one
of the smokestacks.
And.
Above them.
Above her is a are the two
stacks, and there's a bridge
connecting them, and it looks
like there are three people.
Standing on the on the that
bridge.
And then the next picture shows.
Closer to the.
Oh, now I see. It wasn't an
eagle, it was a dragon. There's
a gold dragon, and there are
there. There's like a pagoda
roof beneath it. And then
there's a little structure with
a couple of guards and they look
like they're wearing.
Like shorts, like a short dress.
And then they're wearing hats
with the bills in the back and
she's a little girl now who's
climbed the ladder to get up to
them, OK.
All right, so in this picture,
she's up there and what she
does, oh, she's captured her
bird, the bird that was flying
around earlier.
So it was obviously captured and
and these two guards were
guarding it and she grabs it and
she starts running away and
they're surprised the one drops
his spear, the other one is on
his heels.
Telling her to stop.
So the next picture is very
dark.
And it looks like dark clouds
and in the top left we see that
same structure made of gold. And
then it looks like.
I have a cut out of the inside
of the this vessel and there are
several.
Stories to this and it looks
like there are guards who are
climbing ladder and they're
running and I think they're in
pursuit of the girl. And to the
right is the you can see a
figure running out onto the nose
of the vessel.
OK, in this scene we see the
little girl is being pulled back
by two or three guards and.
Her right arm is being held.
She's trying to get away from
them. Her left arm is extended
and.
It looks like this may be a a
commander of the guard. He is
taking away her pencil and he's
dropped it into the air.
And the cage that held the the
bird cage is now it looks it
shows that it's empty.
In the next scene shows the back
of the ship or the bottom of the
ship and so.
They lowered the girl.
Girl, it's hard to see this
figure. So there's a.
There is a propeller and between
the propeller and the.
We all like the riverboat wheel
is a little platform and there
are two people on it and they
are turning a wheel and below
them is a.
A cable that leads down to a.
A cage.
And there's someone in it. It
looks like the girl because
she's wearing a white top.
OK.
Alright. And so yeah, it's the
girl when she's in this cage and
the her bird has.
In.
In its beak, her magic pencil.
And so returns the.
Pencil to her in the in the next
page, she's drawing a straight
line and she's drawing a
rectangle.
And the bird is watching, OK?
In this scene.
And and we see the the cage that
she was in.
Is now empty and we see on the
ground the.
Some round figures like silos.
We see some people walking under
a bridge.
And we see some palm trees. Oh,
and then the next scene shows
what she's done. She's made for
herself a flying carpet.
And.
The bird is in front of her,
flies in front of her and she's
flying towards a tower.
OK. And this scene on the left,
so it's it's a night scene, you
can see the bird flying over the
landscape, sort of like a hilly
landscape. Couple peaks in the
distance on the left is.
A picture of a tower, of a
taller tower, and then a rounded
Dome, and then to the right,
where the bird is, we see a
couple palm trees. It's a starry
clear night. That's it.
All right. And this we see
again. A very dark.
Background the little girl is
gotten off her flying carpet and
it looks like she's headed
toward some lighted windows.
And we we see that she starts to
go.
There's light on the other side.
The bird goes in and then she
crawls in after the bird. OK.
OK, and this, she's come out of
the mailbox it was in on the
street and the bird is come out.
And the little boy who was
standing there next to the next
to a traffic light, he runs
toward the bird. He's got a
magic pencil in his hand too.
So and then and behind them is
that same three story apartment
building.
The original in this one, the
girl is kneeling down. She's got
her right hand extended to the
boy, and he's got his right hand
extended. It looks like it's
helping her up.
But yeah, the bird he holds in
his left hand.
And this.
She drives a circle of the boys
looking, and the bird is now
perched on his left shoulder,
and he draws the circle and the
bird flies off his shoulder and
that's it.
OK, in this they.
And they have created a bicycle
for two. And there she's in
front, he's in the back, and
they're peddling.
And she's pointing.
And with her left
hand to something, and the bird
is flying behind them. #END_journey
Hey, let me see.
Hey, next we have another short
story, OK?
OK, I'll start.
#START_arrival_4 So on the left
page there are a series of
pictures. In the first picture,
top left, and there's a man
standing. He's got his right
hand on his belly and he's got
his left hand.
Behind his behind his head.
So in the next picture.
He it looks like he's shaving
and he's bent over a sink.
In the next picture, he is
dressing himself. He's wearing a
long sleeve white shirt and a
vest and he's tying his shoes.
he's wearing dark shoes.
And then in the next picture,
he's holding looks like he's
holding a picture.
In his left hand it's open and
the right hand is.
Got his index finger extended.
The next picture shows.
His right hand.
Um, it's fingers are spread and
there's something in the
background there.
In the next picture it shows a.
White.
He's looking at a map, that's
what it is. And so he's looking
at a street map. In the next
scene, there's a full view of
him. He's.
and like the sports jacket and a
hat to his head and there's a
little creature like a dog
creature on that shows in the
lower right hand.
Corner of that picture. And so
he's begins to walk on a
sidewalk and this dog starts to
follow him, and then it shows a
an expanded version of him
walking past a.
Conical shaped building and.
Ohh.
Several other structures in the
in the background, alright, and
the next one it shows.
The map.
And and.
Looks like the map looks like a
map that he's looking at the
map.
And in the 2nd frame and the 3rd
frame is.
Pans away from him, he's still
looking at the map and the and
the dog is next to him. And so.
Arches in it and maybe a bridge
over top of it and then on the
ground level are a number of
tipi like structures with the.
Circles in them maybe like
windows and then there are some.
And devices floating in the air,
maybe some type of airship
OK.
And this we see the the dog and
and the smaller creature, maybe
a cat.
But they're sort of futuristic.
And this scene the man is.
Holding the map and then looking
to his left. The two creatures
are behind him. And there's a
woman standing to her left in a
in a long dress, and she is
looking at a book. And so he
turns and engages her in
conversation and she holds her
place in her book and she looks,
looks at him, and the two of
them start looking at this map
and.
She
And then in the next scene, the
woman is seen.
And A and a telephone.
And.
She's pointing to the telephone
as if to say.
Use the phone or something. And
so she dials. She dials a
number.
And she pulls on a lever.
And a.
Ticket.
Drops out of a a horn.
And then in the next scene, she
holds up the ticket and she
hands the ticket put with her
right hand. She puts the ticket
in the man's left hand and
they're both looking at.
Something in the.
We see the tipi structures in
the in the background and above
them are all these flying. They
look like flying boats.
And then we see a different view
of the scene in the next
picture, and then a a close up.
One of the boats passes over the
crowd.
And it's got a like a A.
a window.
Or a wheel in the middle of it.
And then in the next scene we
see a.
The top half of all of a wheel
over a bridge and we see some
smokestacks in the background
and in the next frame.
We see the man with his little
dog.
And then the.
Man gives his.
Ticket to someone with striped
sleeves and this man with
striped sleeves that takes the
ticket and he.
Both his arms too.
To his right, OK.
So in this page, the man and his
dog get on. It looks like
they're getting on a a, a boat
of maybe a ferry of some type
with benches on it. And so they
take a seat on the benches and
they're talking to this woman
that they met.
Earlier, so I don't know if it's
maybe it's some kind of.
Mode of transportation. There
are other people.
Around them.
And then the next scene shows
two of them engaged in
conversation. And then it's just
a picture of the man sitting
there with his.
Left hand up to his heart and
his right hand extended, and
then he looks for something in
his jacket pocket.
Inside Jacket pocket, he pulls
out a piece of paper. In the
upper left there's a picture of
some sort and there's writing on
it. And she then.
Responds. She has her right.
And on her lap and her left hand
up to her heart.
And she get looks at something
in her.
Purse and she pulls out a
similar.
Piece of paper.
With the.
It looks like a picture of a
yeah. It's a picture of a woman
in the upper left and then it
shows a close up of this woman.
It's an Asian woman. She's got
hair.
Cut short just to her below her
ears and.
She has a somber look on her
face and then in this one we
see.
A woman.
Reading a book.
And in the next scene it looks
like someone is trying to take.
The book from her and you see
her. She has like a horrified
look.
Oh, it's the girl in the
picture. And so.
Someone's left hand is grabbing
her left forearm and taking the
book from her.
And and that person has placed
the book in a in a drawer.
And then in the next scene it
shows that the person is putting
a lock.
Taking a shovel and forcibly has
the.
Girl take the shovel and then
points to the ground.
So the girl oh, it's she's
shoveling and looks like she's
shoveling coal into a furnace.
In the next three scenes.
And then in the fourth scene on
the bottom of this shoe.
She's standing to the left of
this looks. I guess it's the
furnace and.
Climb on top of it.
And then?
And she finds that she's
standing.
And next to an arch structure.
OK.
Right here we see that she has
made her way to.
From where she was on to some
type of.
A passageway that.
It's circular in nature and it's
got some looks like she's
outside of a building.
And you can see lights, small
windows and lights on the
structure to her left.
And then she's walking in
between some walls.
Umm.
Partitions all right, the next.
Scene shows.
Somebody sitting on the floor,
cross legged and holding up his
head in his hand.
Being there now, she has her
shovel and she's looking up.
And then she.
Pushes the.
Door with her shovel.
And in the next scene, you see
that she's approaching a room
with an open door. She goes into
the room and she retrieves her
book from the desk drawer. She
takes it.
And she's walking away. And then
in the next scene.
It shows a pullback and so she's
in the middle. You can see her
in the middle and then
structures structure behind her
or to in the back of the picture
to her left.
And it looks like it looks like
trains.
That she's approaching.
So she.
Climbs into a.
Into a door and then she's
sitting on the floor.
Huddled with their.
On these pulled up to her chest.
And then in the next scene, so
apparently she's got into some
kind of boxcar because it's the
next scene shows a A train
pulling a number of railroad
cars.
All right. And then this next
scene we see.
A flying looks like a flying
shoe. It's a flying boat with a
smokestack on it, and it's
flying over the city.
And we see billboards in the
background. We see.
Towers that look like mosques
and or minarets in the
background.
And we see a lot of.
Writing on these billboards. OK
in this picture. Oh, this is.
With their pets are riding in
this, they're riding in this
thing and so it shows the next
the the the couple with their
their pets. And the next scene
shows a man dressed in white and
with a build hat and he's
speaking through a megaphone and
then.
We see people beneath the.
Beneath this airship.
There are maybe half a dozen
people, and it looks like the
airship is starting to dock. The
man stands and he extends his
hand to the woman and as if
shaking her hand and he starts
to walk with his dog.
Off the ship and then in the
next scene he's got his right
hand up to his chin, looking up
as if to inspect something, and
what it shows is he is.
Looking at.
He's in the distance, looking at
ohh it looks like a a large
replica of his his pet.
And so and it's got.
It looks like it's a a tower of
some sort. It looks like they're
people crawling.
From the in it and.
There are other people who are
gazing at it, moving around, and
in the background it shows the
background is.
Has one of the tipi structures
and has some.
Just.
Small built buildings.
And then in the upper right hand
corner it's like a wheel with
with arrows on it.
OK.
All right, so the man is walking
to his right.
And this dog is with him. And
then the next scene shows a
village with some two-story
structures, square buildings and
then a bunch of people walking
in each direction.
On the sidewalk and then some
people walking down a set of
stairs.
And then in the next scene we
see two we see the man speaking
to another person, and we see.
A number of little dog like
creatures in front of them and
then.
And we see somebody with a.
It's like a woman with a.
Like a winter hat on and a.
Scarf around her, her coat looks
like she is.
Approached some type of machine,
maybe to put money in, like a
vending machine.
And then we see a man with a
beret.
Approach.
Approach her and the man is
looking at this creature that
she she's carrying. The next
scene shows it's a sidewalk
scene people. You don't see any
any buildings, you just see a
half a dozen people.
Walk, walking around someone
just standing there. The next
scene shows someone.
Reading a book and see just the
left and right hands of the
person and some. There's some
drawings in the book, a
different geometric shapes.
And then it shows the man with
the the Derby.
And he's got the book in his
hand and he's looking over to
the left.
And he's to his left. It's like
a wall with a number of framed
pictures on them. And then the
little dog is.
up against a a wall, a brick
wall, and he's looking at a #6.
1.
Looks I don't know something
550.
And he's looking at standing up
against the wall, so it shows
that he's in a box of some.
In a drawer of some kind.
Apparently he or the man have
opened a drawer and this little
creature is now in it.
And.
Next scene chose the man looking
at the book again and.
On the next page it shows this
little creature in a drawer and
there are other.
There was a hand reaching.
Into the drawer, either putting
in another creature or taking
that one out. The next scene
shows the man looking at holding
the book in his hands and a
little boy.
Holding the creature and his
left hand, looking at the man.
The next scene shows a picture
of a that boy and a man dressed
in suspenders and a open
collared shirt wearing glasses
and.
Umm.
In the in the coat he's holding
his book in his right hand, and
as if to say no thank you, with
his left hand, he has his left
hand up. And then in the next
picture he's showing the book to
whoever's talking to him and
he's not an open and he's
pointing with his left hand to.
One of the figures in the book.
And then he looks like he is
explaining something to
whoever's talking to him and and
he's holding the book open and
he's gesturing with his left
hand. His fingers are closed,
his thumb extended. The man who
was wearing the suspenders is
standing at a wall and he's
pointing. It looks like to a
clock or some type of dial.
And maybe it's a wall safe. He
opens a door and he puts his
hand in inside this safe and he
pulls out something that looks
like a gourd or zucchini that's
curled.
And he is talking to the man in
the coat. He's got his right
hand up and his left hand
extended toward the man, and
he's saying something in the.
Man is.
It looks like he's maybe he's
eating this, this, this thing,
the little boy then in the next
picture appears with a smile.
He's holding a big.
A big basin. And then the next
picture shows the three of them
and the man in the suit. The man
in suspenders and the boy found
the man and the suit is holding
the bowl. OK.
All right, so.
This picture shows that the man
in suspenders holding something
that looks like a fish or some
some type of sea creature. The
next picture shows the boy
holding something like a
cornucopia.
Bubbles or or you know,
something coming out of the the
the horn of it.
The next scene shows.
The man is suspenders, shows
from his right side he is got
something up to his mouth and
he's got his hand, his right
hand in his mouth.
The next scene shows the boy
holding like what looks like
the.
Can't think of it. Not avocado,
OK, it's holding some kind of.
Some kind of.
Piece of of a vegetable or
fruit.
And it's huge.
The next scene shows a set of
hands.
Holding.
Something with with the curly
tops?
And the next scene shows the man
in suspenders.
Holding what looks like a
striped.
hose.
And then the next scene, it
shows the man holding a bird
like a creature, and he's got
his, he's holding it in his left
hand and he's.
Got his right hand in the air
and holding his thumb up.
And.
In this scene, he whatever it
was, it was holding. He looks
like he has. Well, he has.
Something in each hand looks
like he's taken a fruit and
broke it in half and he's
holding one piece in each hand.
And he's extending his left hand
to as if to offer it to
somebody. In the next scene it
shows little boy he's biting
into. He's got his mouth open,
looks like he's sticking
something into his mouth. It
looks like that little, looks
like a little round creature
with a tail on it.
And the next scene and the man
in the suit is looking at.
Small container of something
that cut all, I think, the piece
of fruit that the man and the
suspenders.
He's he's looking at that, looks
like he's taking a bite out of
it and he's looking at it and
he's holding in his right hand.
And so in the next scene, the
little boy is crouched down and
he's feeding the little dog
something.
And in the next scene.
There are plants.
In the background and a man's
hand extended.
Bringing suspenders, and then
the man in the suspenders has
his arm around the man who's
wearing a suit. There's looks
like in front of them of a
number of pieces of fruit.
And the boy in the next scene is
carrying a big the big basin of
fruit in the scene. The last
scene, and the bottom of that
shows the three of them outside
this city and in the background,
or a different conical.
Buildings, pyramid type
buildings and circular
structures.
It's a clear.
day with some a few puffy clouds
and it looks like they're
getting into a type of boat.
OK.
Alright, so in this scene and
the little boy is carrying the
the basket, the bowl of fruit,
and this little dog creatures is
following him. They're headed
toward one of those boats.
The next scene shows him the
little boy holding.
In front of him.
Either a basket or a vase, and
he's got his left hand in the
air, as if calling someone to
come. And so the man in the suit
comes over and they're looking
at a tail of something sticking
out of this.
out of his vase. And so it gets
bigger. And the boy, the man
sort of reacts to it. He starts
to back away and he's got his
left hand up by his chest in a
defensive posture and his lungs,
right hand with fingers extended
down to his side. So the tail
has gotten bigger and it looks
like it has spikes on it. The
little boy is puts his right
hand over his mouth as if he's
done something wrong.
So, but little.
The the man now is looking
crouched down a little, and the
man with the suspenders comes up
behind him and he as if to calm
him and they're both looking at
the same thing.
And what it is, is the little
boy has a Siamese cat with a
tail that has looks like little
spikes on it. And so we get a
closer look at this cat and he
offers the the little boy offers
the cat towards the man and the
man starts to pet the cat with
his left hand. The man in
suspenders is pointing with his
left.
And toward toward our right.
And we see the two creatures,
the cat and the dog. They sort
of come nose to nose and
checking out each other.
The next picture shows that they
are.
In a.
Just looking at each other,
maybe trying to socialize as
animals do.
And in the next frame we see.
A couple of hands there, the man
with the suspenders on the
right, the hand of the man in
the suit on the on the left, and
they're each extending their
hands to to pick up some a
couple of objects. The man in
the suspenders picking up
something with stripes, looks
like a horn, and the man on the
right picking up something that
looks like an egg, and the two
are now talking to each other.
About something. The man in the
suit has his hand right hand up
to his.
Like to the.
On top of this shirt and the man
in suspenders has his left hand
up as if to make an appoint.
Next scene shows the man in the
suit looking up to sky and with
his.
Hands out to his shoulder and
extended upwards as well as if
to ask, you know.
Something and then he he takes a
book out and he starts to draw
in this on a page.
He shows a picture that he's
drawn. It shows 3 little houses
and then the cats tail above.
Above the three the roofs of the
three houses, and he shows it to
the man in suspenders.
The man in suspenders.
Yeah.
Is shown in the next picture by
himself and he's got his fingers
extended, his hand touching his,
his chest and then he looks up
into the sky and he's got his
hands raised to the sky as well.
The next picture shows a close
up of his face he's wearing.
He's wearing glasses and in the
next scene we see a picture of
his.
Eyeball and his
pupil is reflecting something in
the distance. #END_arrival_4
OK.
OK, if you need like a like a
3-4 minute break, you could take
now.
All right. Thanks.
Alright, I wanted to move this
to see if I can get less.
And by the window. So I'm trying
to get less glare.
OK, this one's a complex scene.
So just describe what you see in
three to five minutes. OK all
right. #START_picture_this
Well, these are a whole. This is
2 pages of what looks like
framed pictures. And there are
pictures of.
Uh.
It looks like there are pictures
of.
Caveman on the left hand side
and so and different.
So I see dinosaur. I see a cave.
I I see a man standing on the
back of another man. I see.
It looks like a couple of.
Jokers or people dressed in
costumes facing each other.
A man that looks like a picture
of a. A thatched roof that's
being lifted up by a couple of
people. Picture of a camel. A
picture of a.
And dressed in a in a globe like
white structure thing.
A bear holding something over
its head, looking at a man
without a shirt on.
I see a man lying on the ground
and someone's just about to trip
over him, carrying a couple of
couple of things. I see a cactus
that looks like it's running. I
see a looks like a.
A pig.
Pig. Animal.
With a little piglet and its
head see a man wearing a striped
suit, white shirt and a stove
top hat. I see a couple looks
like.
Guys like a Renaissance castle.
Looks like they're they're
throwing things.
And then over here on the right
I see a pictures of some fish.
I see pictures of.
Umm.
A dog on a leash trying to get
out a pot.
I see.
People.
In various poses, it looks like
there's a man who's leaning up
against the a palm tree that
looks like he's it's bent over
and it's over. It's over his
head.
And there's something coming out
of it. There's a man with a bald
head and hair on the side of his
head, with a big bushy mustache
and a beard.
And they're.
Umm.
So a whole
bunch of different pictures look
and then there's a caveman
walking away from all the
pictures in the lower right hand
corner. #END_picture_this
OK, perfect. The next item is a
story.
OK.
Oh wait, I'm going to have to
reshare my screen, I think.
OK, here we go.
#START_arrival_3 OK, this is uh
And this is a story it must be
in from a foreign country.
There's a in the first picture,
there is a man in the background
reading a newspaper, and there's
a boy. It looks like he's
selling newspapers or tabloids
or something, and he's standing
on the curb. But the the
language is not English. In the
next scene, there are a couple
of women.
One has her back toward us. The
other one has her front toward
us. She's looking to the side
and she's holding the.
A creature, it looks like a
sign. I'm going to call it a
Siamese cat. In the next scene
there is a vendor who's got a
cart and there's a smoke coming
from a cart. He might be
roasting something. And then
there's a little porcupine
figure in in front of the cart.
It's the carts got four wheels
on it. The next scene is a
picture of a.
A taller man and a shorter
woman, and they're holding. Each
is holding like an egg.
Type of.
I don't know what it looks like.
Giant eggs and there are two
more in a wooden box in front of
them and the next scene shows it
looks like a Barber scene and
there is a a man with a sort of.
Sort of turban on his head and
he's looks like he's shaving on
a man who's sitting in the chair
and he's wearing his.
He's wearing a hat as well, and
it's a.
An elevated so it's a barbers
chair. Elevated barbers chair,
and there's a little boy
standing behind him against the
wall. Next picture shows a man.
With an instrument looks like a
squeeze box with a horn on it
coming out and be, and he's
looking at sheet music along
with someone who's playing a
violin, the next scene shows.
A walled background with all
kinds of lettering on it and.
Of five people.
Who are with their backs against
the wall and sitting on a bench
and the person all the way there
looks like four women. And then
there's a.
Looks like a man all the way to
the right who's looking in a
newspaper or a magazine, and the
last photo shows a man with a.
Rectangular, small rectangular
suitcase wearing a Derby.
And a suit.
And vest and he's got his hand
up to his chin and looks like
he's wondering where to go.
OK, so here we see the man in
the suit and hat, and he's got a
little looks like a little bird
in his right hand.
And he's now he looks to his
left and looks up and what he's
looking at looks like a clock
structure and it looks like a a
gigantic mantle clock, but in
the in the middle. Instead of a
hands with numbers, it looks
like a couple sunflowers or
daisies there. And then it shows
him.
The man with the the suitcase.
He's in the middle of a street.
And there are people, someone in
front of him, behind him.
And he's next picture he's
walking down the.
The street.
And.
Against some billboards or signs
or something.
Walking on the sidewalk, he
continues to walk.
Holding the suitcase in his
right hand, he's walking past a
set of doorways, 3 or 4 doorways
in the background.
And then as he continues his
walk and there's a.
It looks like lights just
floating in the air.
And he's, he's looking at them
and then he sort of puts his
hand up as if to.
Pick it with his thumb and index
finger on his left hand. He's
trying to.
Grab one and then.
The next scene it shows that his
hat is blown off and not blown
off and to the ground but just
blown off. Looks like it went
above him but now he he picks it
up off the ground.
And as he looks down at the
ground where his hat was laying,
he sees some directions and a
map to something. So he sits
down on the ground and he pulls
out his book from his case and
he starts to compare the two.
And so he's shows a picture of
him holding his.
Book open now with some drawings
or diagrams in it. Then he looks
up to the right.
And there is a man with a.
Like a.
A turban around his head with
his left hand extended and.
Questioning the man.
In the suit, the man in the suit
stands up and the two of them
engage in conversation.
And that picture. And in the
next picture. And then then the
third picture of the man.
Points out to the man in the
turban something in his book and
he opens the book and we see
that he is drawn a picture of a
bed and a window, so the man in
the Turban
Gets it in the next picture and
he holds his index finger up as
if to.
Indicate something they.
He he starts to point in a
direction to the man in the
suit, and the two of them begin
to walk off to the left behind.
A creature that's got looks like
a.
An anteater or
or, I don't know, some kind of
creature with the pointy ears
and a pointy nose. #END_arrival_3
OK.
Hey, let me see.
OK, Next is a complex scene.
OK, describe what you see in
this scene.
OK.
#START_birthday_party_fun Well,
obviously it's his birthday
party.
And then let's see, it looks
like a party and on the middle
of the scene is a pool.
Small pool, and they're about
half a dozen people around it
and let's see there, there.
It's a costume party, but anyway
there's the pool scene and then
we see people.
And it's out. It looks like it's
in someone's backyard. We see
it, it's a wooden fence in the
far left and we we see a
neighbor who's looking over
there, a couple of.
With all kinds of food on it and
people.
Approaching the table, there's
cakes on the table.
There are people dressed in
ties, shirts and ties. There are
people dressed in pantsuits.
There are people dressed like
Cavemen. There's someone dressed
like an alligator, someone
dressed like a.
Uh.
Looks like a dog.
There are people dressed.
And like a witch.
Another alligator, a lion, a
Penguin, elephant, a bat and
there is a jumpy house on the
right hand side and there's
people jumping in their
costumes.
Into the house and then sliding
out of the bottom of it, the
jumpy houses looks like a a
castle with four.
Umm.
Towers and A and a wall. 3 walls
and an open wall.
Let's see.
And so it's people dressed in
all kinds of different.
Costumes just jumping around
having, having a.
Having fun. #END_birthday_party_fun
OK.
Hey, let me see what's next.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
OK, there we go.
#START_airport Alright, so this
is.
Airport and we see in the sky,
we see different types of
aircraft. We see it looks like a
spaceship.
A biplane, a dirigible.
Looks like an SST Concord. On
the ground we see people with
different flags.
We see a control, a tower where
where they talk to the pilots
and runway and then on the
ground we see a different types
of.
Passenger planes and we see
another balloon. We see another
biplane. We see some.
Fire truck that's.
Obviously going going too fast
and it looks like it's on.
It's on fire. There's something
coming from it. There's a.
There is a van with a cone on on
top of it, and there are. Let's
see.
Other utility vehicles. There is
a trans ground transport bus
with a line of people waiting to
get on it.
And there is a.
Fuel.
Tanker.
It's filling the.
On the plane with jet fuel,
there are people coming down
this plane in the front they're
they're getting off the plane.
Or just milling around, waiting,
waiting in line or.
Waiting for
something, walking around. #END_airport
OK.
Hey, let me see what's next.
Play next is a story.
OK.
#START_flowerman So on the left
side of the page we see a.
And walking across a pedestrian
bridge from one side to the
other, and he is at this point
in the middle of the bridge and
below him is a as a.
There's a big gully and.
There's some Street lights on
each side of the bridge. He's
walking.
Towards some buildings one looks
like a tent in the background.
And then there are the it's a
very dark, there are no lights
on in the village there are you
can see some signs in front.
There is a building with an
awning, a striped awning on it.
And then there is a looks like a
truck parked in front of a
white.
House.
And then there is a square
building with the large garage
door on it.
OK.
So in this scene it shows that
the man.
Is at the intersection.
Of two streets in standing
underneath the streetlight.
To his right as a.
Two-story with maybe a A a room
in the attic house and on the
other side of the house stands
another person to his left as a
two-story looks like a
storefront and maybe apartments
above him.
To this street that runs
perpendicular to him or some
another storefront.
With a couple of floors above it
for apartments and then it looks
like a.
Little tent there, striped tent
across from him.
Couple other there's another
street light, and there's a.
Person standing outside of that
street light.
Umm.
With.
Some apartments behind him,
opposite the man underneath.
The the initial man we see a a
car coming out of the.
Either a driveway or from the
other street.
OK.
So here we see on the left hand
side that there are several
houses that are three stories
high. These look like these
remind me of the houses, some of
the houses {that we saw when we
were in Germany this year like}
barbarian type houses.
And.
And see the man. There's a man
underneath the street light in
front of one of the houses.
He's walking down the sidewalk.
And on the right side of the
page and we see.
Looks like a house with either.
Three or we see three or four,
three windows, so maybe it leads
to apartments and we see the
people inside the apartment
building. We see a woman.
On the 1st floor.
And we see.
I see a looks like a woman on
the 2nd floor and then a man
looks like he's watching TV.
Next to that, and then there's
another house, apartment
building to the right of that,
and there's a looks like a woman
entering the house on the 2nd
floor. There there's a window
with shutters and we can see a
woman in there. And then there
are.
There is a shuttered window. The
shutters are open on the third
floor and looks. I don't know if
that's a person in there or it's
hard to tell what that is. then
we see another house behind
that. We see a couple people
attempting to cross the street.
And so it's all all a night
scene.
OK, now it's looks like
daylight.
And here we see it looks like
the same same scene as in the
previous page, except it's
daylight. There's a lot more
activity. There are at the top
of the house. On the left there
is a telescope.
And then we see inside of that.
Below that window, shattered
window shutters open and we see
below that looks like a a woman
inside the apartment. And below
her window is a clock.
Umm.
And then there are some.
People crossing the street in
the middle of crossing the
street and walking on the
street. So it's obviously a very
pedestrian friendly area. And
then the house to the right of
that we see it's a rectangular
type of building. It's got, you
know, some stacks leading out of
it. The attic shutters are open.
And the next underneath that we
see that the windows shutters
are open. We can see in.
Into the apartment buildings and
then at the ground level for
that is looks like a man is on a
ladder making repairs to to the
shutter. There's a in the middle
of the page there's a two-story
brick apartment building on top
of the.
Roof. It's a flat roof and it's
got a.
A little entry from the bottom
for the from the top floor up
onto the.
Up onto the roof. And so we see
the man who's.
Sitting in his room, he's still
in the same place. Maybe he's
still watching TV.
We see a woman to his left in a
in a room, and then there's
stuff behind her. There are some
people going into the apartment
building, there are some people
walking in in front of it, and
there are a couple people on
mopeds or scooters on the on the
street. To the right of that is
a white. It looks like a painted
painted brick building.
With the keystones and rounded
window on the second floor.
An attic bedroom on the top, and
then a couple of skinny another
skinny white building like that
to its right, and a third one.
That we get a partial glimpse of
behind behind that one and in
the lower right hand corner is
like a circle, a circle
fountain.
OK.
All right, here we see the same
scene again.
We see some of the.
So the buildings are the same.
We see some.
Different activity.
Let's see. Now we see more kids,
so it looks like they're
children.
Either.
There, the scene is more
children, and the only thing
that has remained the same is
the man who's still sitting at
his window looking at the TV
screen. There's a a milkman
looks like our delivery man at
one door.
There's a man pushing a cart,
maybe selling ice cream or
something.
And.
That's about it.
OK, here we see now it's
starting to get.
The sky is starting to get a
little darker. And so.
We don't see as many children in
this.
We see more adults. We see that
there is someone moving either
in or out.
There is a moving truck in front
of the brick building with the a
ramp on it, so it looks like a
moving truck to me.
And we we see that man who is
still sitting on the 2nd floor
wearing watching TV.
Umm.
We see in the white building
next to it. Open shutters woman
looking out.
Ohh.
There's in some of the others.
Now we see more people with
their windows open.
And some there's a person to the
right hand side who's.
Outside there's.
Where the telescope is, there's
a cat that's up on the.
Railing on the on the roof
there.
I don't.
Different, just just different
activity of of people on the on
the sidewalk.
OK.
OK. Here again it's the same
Street and we see a couple of
vehicles now. There is a milk
truck that's on the left hand
side obviously delivering milk
and there are more people out in
front of their houses.
The the milkman is in the lower
left hand and it looks like he's
talking to a young woman. There
are some older people. There's
an older gentleman sitting in
front of the.
With the left, there are some
older people in front of this.
Square building to the right of
that maybe there.
There's an older gentleman with
an apron on. It's got blue
sleeves. It's got like a Albert
Einstein haircut.
In the brick building we see.
Umm.
We see that there is somebody up
on the roof of that and then we
see the man still sitting there
looking at the TV. We see.
Someone to his left. I can't
really describe what they're
doing, and there are.
There's someone in front of that
brick building looks like he's
selling.
Paintings or something. And then
there's a little red sports car
in front of that white.
Two-story apartment building and
the shutters are open. There's
someone.
Looking outside.
And.
Yeah.
And there's someone in the
fountains in this picture.
OK, now it's a little darker.
Let's see, there is.
Little boy up there and in that
building and we see the milk
truck is now parked there and so
it's still there.
And.
There are. In front of that
building, there looks like a
couple of young people. In front
of it there are.
Couple of there's a man and a
woman in and in the lower left
hand corner.
On in the second building we
see.
Some activity of on the top
floor.
Uh.
There's nothing.
In front of that building there
is a.
Looks like there's someone
walking on the street in the
middle of the picture and the
brick building.
Yeah.
It's kind of. I just noticed
that there's like a Barber pole
in the one.
Looks like a Barber pole inside
the window. And then where the
man
A woman looks like she's
standing on the steps coming out
of the building.
We see a couple.
People in front of the red brick
building, in front of the white
building in front of it. There's
somebody up in the attic room.
There's no one on the 2nd floor.
There's a man standing looking
up into the sky in front of that
building. There's more activity
over to the right. There are
some several couples. There's a
daughter and mother and there is
an older couple on the on the
street there.
OK.
OK, here it.
Looks like it's night and we
see.
It's the intersection of these
two streets and on the left the
building, a white building.
There's looks like the lights
are turned off.
I don't see any activity there.
Let's see.
To the.
Underneath the lamppost,
there's.
Someone there and then walking
away from it, like crossing the
street, is a man with a
mustache.
And then
On the building to the left of
that.
Let's see. Or to the right of
that on the next block.
There's, it's a.
Storefront, but it looks like
there's.
Nothing going on there and then.
in the Cross street.
There's.
There are some people in the
street.
It's hard to tell what they're
doing.
And then?
On the building to the right
hand side, there are some
there's looks like there's
someone sitting on the stoop.
And then in the back, nothing.
Happening this it's.
It's a.
Two-story building with the
striped awning but.
Doesn't look like there's.
There's anyone there?
No.
Let's see in the lower right
hand.
Corner. It looks like there's
some children out.
Right here.
Let's see.
What is this?
It's.
It's an intersection. It's from
the fountain and the fountain is
the lower left and so we look
down the street and we see on
the left hand side at two-story
pitched.
Building with an awning, there's
someone in the second floor
window.
And then?
Across the street from that is
a.
Looks like a three story.
Building.
And we see some people up, you
know, you can see some people
through the window and it's got
a little awning in front of it.
Well, it's got a car. There's a
car parked in front of it.
And then right hand picture,
there's an older gentleman.
Who's standing on the sidewalk
He's got something in between
his finger, forefinger and
thumb. It looks like he's
holding either a.
Umm.
Kind of match, he's an older
gentleman with a jacket and hat.
And he's got a.
Big puffy white mustache and
there is a street light there.
And there are people who are in
the right hand house and they're
looking out and seeing what's
what's going on. Looks like they
have a surprise or astonished
looks on their faces. There's a
woman looking down from the 2nd
floor and there's a man looking
out from the 1st floor. He's
wearing suit and bow tie and
glasses.
Looks like he's smoking a cigar
or something.
OK, in this picture we see it's
a stoop with maybe 3 stone steps
on it.
There's a young girl who's
holding a flower in her hand.
Looks like she she got a flower
from somebody. And then in the.
The the man who was standing
there holding it on the sidewalk
is walking away. He's exiting
right. And then the man who was
in the.
1st floor. He's looking at the
the young girl.
And.
He's just looking. #END_flowerman
OK, Next is a complex scene.
Trying. I'm getting glare here,
so I'm trying to, you know, work
work with the screen.
Let me see. No, it's not on
your. It's not the, it's not
you. It's it's just it's. Let me
see if I can. I'm going to go
into another room.
This might work better.
They want.
OK.
This is just a scene.
OK.
#START_being_a_pirate Alright,
it's uh pirate ships. Alright,
so there is a large ship in the
middle. It's, it's in the water.
And let's see, there is another
ship to its left, and there is a
third ship.
And behind it, in the upper
right hand corner of the page in
the water, there are a number of
row boats.
Back and forth between the ships
and the shore, the shores, the
right hand side, it's got palm
trees on it. There are a number
of people who are on the shore
as well. Alright. So in the ship
in the middle and we see.
It looks like there there are.
Puffy clouds so it looks like
it's firing its cannons.
And.
The same of the ship in the.
In the upper right hand corner
we see some puffy clouds too. So
on the.
Ship in the middle.
Coming up the mast, they're
standing on the cross.
Beams for the sails. All of the
sails are pulled up. There are
people.
On the deck and there are people
climbing the ship.
So.
And and so we see a lot of
activity there. We don't see on
the pirate ship to the left, we
just see the the back end of it.
And and a rowboat coming from
that.
In the ship up in the upper
right hand right, it's got like
3 pirate masts on it, so I'm
thinking maybe that the ship in
the middle, I don't see a
pirates flag from it, but I do
see the flags on the other two
two ships.
Let's see and there are.
Probably a
dozen or so row boats on it on
the on the water, and so there's
also an octopus in the middle of
the picture. #END_being_a_pirate
And.
Umm.
And that's it.
Ohh.
Next is our last short story.
I'm going to pull it up.
OK.
#START_arrival_5 OK, so and this
one. On the left hand side we
see a giant owl in the
background, and above it are all
kinds of either birds or bats
flying around and in front of
that.
There are several other owls.
There's a smaller one to its
right, in front of directly in
front of. It is even a smaller
one to its left. And the right
hand side of the picture there
looks like.
Two or maybe three more.
Oh.
Statues or something look like
owls and in front of that is a
small village with.
Some buildings square shaped
buildings that are 4345 stories
tall. In front of that is the.
Well, it must be some kind of
waterway or dock, because these
I see a a number of small small
boats all right, and then
there's a series of pictures and
in the.
First picture of there's a
there's someone who's wrapping a
rope around it looks like a a
cone with a cat sat on on top of
it. And in the second picture we
turn the man and there's a man
wearing.
A suit. And there's a man
wearing suspenders. The man
wearing suspenders is facing us.
And he's talking to the man in
the suit, giving directions. The
little boy.
Excuse me, is carrying this
bowl.
And he's headed up a flight of
stairs. So there are those two
creatures that look like a a dog
and a cat. And he gives the bowl
to a woman and so.
Behind in the next picture is
the man in suspenders. He's
carrying a bowl and he's giving
a kiss on the cheek to a woman.
And then so.
In the next picture, the man a
man, the man in a suit has his
hat off and he's extending his
hand to the woman, his left
hand.
And and.
And the three of them greet one
another. She invites him in and
the there are four of them who
are toasting each other. We just
see the glasses in the hands.
And so in the next picture we
see.
This woman is unpacking the the
box or the, excuse me, looks
like the plate and looks like
fruit. And she's cutting this
fruit. It looks like a star
fruit. She's cutting that and
then she has a looks like a.
In her hand there it looks like
a looks like a Chianti.
Bottle.
But it looks like in the next
picture that there's something
that's like a chicken on a
platter and then she's pouring
some type of gravy.
Over it with her left hand.
So they are sitting down for
dinner. The room is well lit.
There's a bright light in the
background.
So there's the man in the he's
wearing his vest, he's sitting
to the right across him since
the man with suspenders, and
he's holding.
Something looks like a light up
to maybe it's a torch up to
something in his left hand. The
woman.
In the sitting in the.
And between them, facing the
facing us and the little boy is
in the foreground, is back
toward us. He's feeding the dog.
Something from the table, and
that table has a tablecloth on
it. It's got salt and pepper
shakers. It's got their
Unique, different types of food.
So the next picture shows the
man in suspenders, holding a
glass of wine, talking. The
woman is laughing. The man.
And the suit in the vest is
He's got his fork in his left
hand and he's got his elbow and
hand above the table.
The man with suspenders gets out
his squeeze box and it begins to
play. The woman gets out or she
plays a little horn. It looks
like a flute with a horn on it,
and then the little boy gets
out.
An instrument that looks like a
small banjo and the man then
takes a piece of paper and he
begins folding it.
And looks like he creates a cat,
origami cat and the little boy.
Takes it and the little boys
wearing the man's Derby and he's
holding this origami. The man
suspenders, gets a.
Bowl or.
Something that maybe take I
think he's taking it out of a a
a cabinet and.
There, he and his wife are
presenting. It looks like
they're presenting it to someone
inside the.
Ohh.
Yeah, there's nothing. I can't
see anything inside. It's it's
this thumb there. So we see the
man with the suspenders handing
it.
To someone, OK, and then in this
we see the.
The.
The bowl, it's not a bowl, it's
a it's a vase of some sort, like
a clay base and then it's we see
it's on a on a table or desk and
then there's a pulls back, we
see that we are on the outside.
Of this House looking through
the window at the vase on a desk
and we see in the next picture.
Young man who wakes up.
In the morning and he's rubbing
his eyes with his.
Right elbow supporting him as he
sits up and then as he sits up
this little dog like creature
comes up to him and.
In the next scene he starts to
pet it and then he gets dressed,
puts on a shirt and then he.
Looks like he.
Is cutting something.
Umm.
in half, and he gives part of it
to the dog and now he's dressed,
he's wearing a vest and putting
on a jacket and he.
his head. Oh, and the little dog
is holding the man's hat and
it's in its mouth.
Alright, and this scene then it
shows.
A lot of people walking and we
don't get any detail on the
people. That's just their backs
and there looks like there are
some ducks or geese or creatures
walking through the crowd as
well. We see the man with the
and the and the suit.
He is.
At the door of someone who is
wearing like looks like a paper,
looks like a paper hat, maybe
it's a bakers hat or something.
And then the little dog is is
next to him.
And then
{OK, I'm going across. I hope I
didn't.}
Let's see.
{All right. I think, OK, I think
I I went the wrong direction.
OK, I'll go down. Let's see,}
what I see here is 2 men, it
looks like they're back-to-back
and one on the right hand side
is pulling a rope. And then in
this scene I see a man with a
sombrero and he's got a big.
Basket of some kind around his
neck and all these little
creatures, they look like
they're begging from him. And
then in the next scene it looks
like they're.
It's it's it's at a counter. So
either this woman in the picture
is purchasing food or drink, or
she's making up looks like some
kind of purchase from a woman
behind the counter. The next
scene shows a man who's sitting
at.
And it's maybe he's weaving or
he's making something. There's a
big circle in front of him. Next
scene shows a man who's a
painting. He's standing on
ladder.
Painting outside the next scene
shows a woman who is at a desk.
Or maybe a sewing machine
She's standing there.
Next to it. The next scene shows
the man at the doorway with his
little dog to his right little.
Canister or something to it,
it's right in the doorway
stands. Excuse me, a man wearing
a paper hat. Next scene shows
the same man in the suit.
He's talking to a man who's
crouched to sitting down. Next
to him is his pet, and there the
two of them are having a
discussion.
Same man as in a looks like an
apothecary or some type of shop
where he's talking to a woman
and she hands her. She has her
hands up like she can't help
him. The next scene shows the
end of a ship with a big
propeller on it and.
A lot of people
either sweeping or carrying
things, and then the man in the
suit talking to another person. #END_arrival_5
OK.
OK, I'm going to pull up the
last thing, which is a complex
scene.
That's.
#START_wild_west Alright, so
this is.
Obviously a lot of saloons.
So.
It looks like there is one
saloon after the other and and
then there's a jail. So I see in
the in the left hand side.
There are people on on the roof.
There are.
People.
Let's see what are they doing?
There are people out on the
street in front of one of the
salons. It looks like there's
some wagons or something that I
see some white cover things. I
think those must be wagons. And
then there's a there's a hotel
and.
It looks like there are people
either smoking or people
shooting guns. There are people
outside on second stories.
They're either going in and out
of windows. There's a general
store.
There are.
People going in and out of the
saloon in the middle of the page
next to the general store.
The inside shows in the hotel
shows like there's.
Some commotion going on there.
And then in the.
Let's see. It looks like there
are Buffalo or bison. Or maybe
they're just pictures of bison
on on on boards in the lower.
Left hand side picture and there
are a number of people standing
in front of the jail and on on
the side of the wall the jail or
it looks like some wanted
pictures. On the right hand side
there is a mural in the
background. It looks like the
rising sun, so maybe it's a.
Somebody riding off into the
sunset.
Let's see, there are people
there in long white coats.
There's another a couple other
saloons there.
There's the pioneer saloon
Again, people walking on the 2nd
floor outside the windows.
There's a bank and there are
some people standing outside the
bank, and there are people on
the roof of the bank, and then
there's another.
So move to the right of that
again, people up on the.
Second floor.
And in the in the bottom side of
the right hand picture there are
a number of people going up and
down the stairs.
Right hand corner. #END_wild_west
OK.
OK, let me stop sharing.